Update index.rst (#413)
minvws/nl-kat-coordination: docs/source/modules/modules.rst

=================
Releases & modules
=================

Releases
********

> Find all `releases, releasenotes and artefacts for OpenKAT <https://github.com/minvws/nl-kat-coordination/releases>`_ on Github. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find all `releases, release notes and artifacts for OpenKAT <https://github.com/minvws/nl-kat-coordination/releases>`_ on GitHub.
```
